README.md, before:

# klusterlet addon controller

Klusterlet addon controller supports some installation and termination of add-ons on ManagedCluster for ACM.

## Community, discussion, contribution, and support

Check the [CONTRIBUTING Doc](CONTRIBUTING.md) for how to contribute to the repo.

------

## Getting Started

This is a guide on how to build and deploy klusterlet addon controller from code.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/open-cluster-management/endpoint-operator.svg?token=fGeoi8xiXpYyWSE7xgqp&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/open-cluster-management/endpoint-operator)[![Coverage](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=open-cluster-management_endpoint-operator&metric=coverage&token=fcb5fc506f425e17f0fb9986bf3dd9b98ffaae15)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=open-cluster-management_endpoint-operator)[![Vulnerabilities](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=open-cluster-management_endpoint-operator&metric=vulnerabilities&token=fcb5fc506f425e17f0fb9986bf3dd9b98ffaae15)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=open-cluster-management_endpoint-operator)

Kubernetes controller for the [KlusterletAddonConfig](https://github.com/open-cluster-management/endpoint-operator/blob/master/pkg/apis/agent/v1/klusterletaddonconfig_types.go) custom resource that manages the Create/Update/Delete of [klusterlet addon operator and klusterlet addons](https://github.com/open-cluster-management/endpoint-component-operator) on the managed cluster via [ManifestWork](https://github.com/open-cluster-management/api/blob/master/work/v1/types.go).

## Prerequisites

- Must have [operator-sdk](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk) v0.18.1 installed

```shell
# can be installed with the following command
> make deps
```

## Prepare your cluster 

1. Import a managed cluster. Follow this guidelines to import cluster manually.

- [manual-import](https://github.com/open-cluster-management/rcm-controller/blob/master/docs/managedcluster_manual_import.md)

2. Install klusterlet CRD

```shell
make utils-crds-install
```

## Running Klusterlet addon controller locally for development

1. Run Klusterlet Addon Controller locally

```shell
make run
```

## Running Klusterlet addon controller in-cluster for deployment

1. Apply the `deploy/deploy.yaml` to create the ServiceAccount, ClusterRole, ClusterRoleBinding and Deployment for the operator

```shell
kubectl apply -f deploy/deploy.yaml
```

NOTE: this will use the amd64 version of the operator

## Installing klusterlet addons using Klusterlet addon controller

To create a klusterlet addon operator deployment with the klusterlet addon controller you need to create the KlusterletAddonConfig CR

Example of KlusterletAddonConfig CR <https://github.com/open-cluster-management/endpoint-operator/blob/master/deploy/crds/agent.open-cluster-management.io_v1_klusterletaddonconfig_cr.yaml>

## Rebuilding zz_generated.deepcopy.go file
Any modifications to files pkg/apis/agent/v1/*types.go will require you to run the
following:
```
operator-sdk generate k8s
```
to regenerate the zz_generated.deepcopy.go file.

## Run Functional Test

### Before Testing functional test with KinD

1. Make sure you have [ginkgo](https://onsi.github.io/ginkgo/) excutable ready in your env. If not, do the following:
   ```
    go get github.com/onsi/ginkgo/ginkgo
    go get github.com/onsi/gomega/...
   ```

2. Run functional test locally with KinD, you will need to install Kind https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/quick-start/#installation

### Run Functional Test Locally with KinD

1. Export the image postfix for rcm-controller image:
   ```
    export COMPONENT_TAG_EXTENSION=-SNAPSHOT-2020-04-01-20-49-00
   ```
2. Run tests:
   - Run the following command to build the image, setup & start a kind cluster (Ideal for someone new to the repo and wanting to test changes):
    ```
    export DOCKER_USER=<Docker username>
    export DOCKER_PASS=<Docker password>
    make functional-test-full
   ```
   - Run the following command to setup & start a kind cluster:
   ```
    make component/test/functional
   ```
   - Run the following command to run the test on an existing cluster:
    ```
    export KUBECONFIG=...
    make functional-test
   ```

## Addon Development

### Stop Reconcile
To patch the addons, you need to first stop reconcile of the KlusterletAddonConfig on hub:
```
oc annotate klusterletaddonconfig -n ${CLUSTER_NAME} ${CLUSTER_NAME} klusterletaddonconfig-pause=true --overwrite=true
```
After running the command, klusterlet-addon-controller will not update and sync the addons, so you can modify.

### Update Image
If you only want to update images of an addon, you can directly modify the manifestwork for that addon on hub. 
Here is an example of updating application manager. Execute this command on hub:
```
oc edit manifestwork -n ${CLUSTER_NAME}  ${CLUSTER_NAME}-klusterlet-addon-appmgr
```

Other addons are:
- ${CLUSTER_NAME}-klusterlet-addon-appmgr           
- ${CLUSTER_NAME}-klusterlet-addon-certpolicyctrl   
- ${CLUSTER_NAME}-klusterlet-addon-crds             
- ${CLUSTER_NAME}-klusterlet-addon-iampolicyctrl            
- ${CLUSTER_NAME}-klusterlet-addon-policyctrl       
- ${CLUSTER_NAME}-klusterlet-addon-search           
- ${CLUSTER_NAME}-klusterlet-addon-workmgr     

### Scale Done klusterlet-addon-operator
If you want to patch deployments directly on the managed cluster.

You can scale down the klusterlet-addon-operator on the managed cluster.

To do so, on hub, edit the manifestwork of `${CLUSTER_NAME}-klusterlet-addon-operator` on hub, and search for `Deployment`. Set spec.replicas to 0:
```
oc edit manifestwork -n ${CLUSTER_NAME}  ${CLUSTER_NAME}-klusterlet-addon-operator
```

Please remember to restore the replicas when you finishing the devs. Otherwise you will not able to cleanup the managed cluster properly when detach.

Commit message:

update copyright (#12)
* update copyright

* update bindata

README.md, after:

[comment]: # ( Copyright Contributors to the Open Cluster Management project )

# klusterlet addon controller

Klusterlet addon controller supports some installation and termination of add-ons on ManagedCluster for ACM.

## Community, discussion, contribution, and support

Check the [CONTRIBUTING Doc](CONTRIBUTING.md) for how to contribute to the repo.

------

## Getting Started

This is a guide on how to build and deploy klusterlet addon controller from code.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/open-cluster-management/endpoint-operator.svg?token=fGeoi8xiXpYyWSE7xgqp&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/open-cluster-management/endpoint-operator)[![Coverage](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=open-cluster-management_endpoint-operator&metric=coverage&token=fcb5fc506f425e17f0fb9986bf3dd9b98ffaae15)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=open-cluster-management_endpoint-operator)[![Vulnerabilities](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=open-cluster-management_endpoint-operator&metric=vulnerabilities&token=fcb5fc506f425e17f0fb9986bf3dd9b98ffaae15)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=open-cluster-management_endpoint-operator)

Kubernetes controller for the [KlusterletAddonConfig](https://github.com/open-cluster-management/endpoint-operator/blob/master/pkg/apis/agent/v1/klusterletaddonconfig_types.go) custom resource that manages the Create/Update/Delete of [klusterlet addon operator and klusterlet addons](https://github.com/open-cluster-management/endpoint-component-operator) on the managed cluster via [ManifestWork](https://github.com/open-cluster-management/api/blob/master/work/v1/types.go).

## Prerequisites

- Must have [operator-sdk](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk) v0.18.1 installed

```shell
# can be installed with the following command
> make deps
```

## Prepare your cluster 

1. Import a managed cluster. Follow this guidelines to import cluster manually.

- [manual-import](https://github.com/open-cluster-management/rcm-controller/blob/master/docs/managedcluster_manual_import.md)

2. Install klusterlet CRD

```shell
make utils-crds-install
```

## Running Klusterlet addon controller locally for development

1. Run Klusterlet Addon Controller locally

```shell
make run
```

## Running Klusterlet addon controller in-cluster for deployment

1. Apply the `deploy/deploy.yaml` to create the ServiceAccount, ClusterRole, ClusterRoleBinding and Deployment for the operator

```shell
kubectl apply -f deploy/deploy.yaml
```

NOTE: this will use the amd64 version of the operator

## Installing klusterlet addons using Klusterlet addon controller

To create a klusterlet addon operator deployment with the klusterlet addon controller you need to create the KlusterletAddonConfig CR

Example of KlusterletAddonConfig CR <https://github.com/open-cluster-management/endpoint-operator/blob/master/deploy/crds/agent.open-cluster-management.io_v1_klusterletaddonconfig_cr.yaml>

## Rebuilding zz_generated.deepcopy.go file
Any modifications to files pkg/apis/agent/v1/*types.go will require you to run the
following:
```
operator-sdk generate k8s
```
to regenerate the zz_generated.deepcopy.go file.

## Run Functional Test

### Before Testing functional test with KinD

1. Make sure you have [ginkgo](https://onsi.github.io/ginkgo/) excutable ready in your env. If not, do the following:
   ```
    go get github.com/onsi/ginkgo/ginkgo
    go get github.com/onsi/gomega/...
   ```

2. Run functional test locally with KinD, you will need to install Kind https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/quick-start/#installation

### Run Functional Test Locally with KinD

1. Export the image postfix for rcm-controller image:
   ```
    export COMPONENT_TAG_EXTENSION=-SNAPSHOT-2020-04-01-20-49-00
   ```
2. Run tests:
   - Run the following command to build the image, setup & start a kind cluster (Ideal for someone new to the repo and wanting to test changes):
    ```
    export DOCKER_USER=<Docker username>
    export DOCKER_PASS=<Docker password>
    make functional-test-full
   ```
   - Run the following command to setup & start a kind cluster:
   ```
    make component/test/functional
   ```
   - Run the following command to run the test on an existing cluster:
    ```
    export KUBECONFIG=...
    make functional-test
   ```

## Addon Development

### Stop Reconcile
To patch the addons, you need to first stop reconcile of the KlusterletAddonConfig on hub:
```
oc annotate klusterletaddonconfig -n ${CLUSTER_NAME} ${CLUSTER_NAME} klusterletaddonconfig-pause=true --overwrite=true
```
After running the command, klusterlet-addon-controller will not update and sync the addons, so you can modify.

### Update Image
If you only want to update images of an addon, you can directly modify the manifestwork for that addon on hub. 
Here is an example of updating application manager. Execute this command on hub:
```
oc edit manifestwork -n ${CLUSTER_NAME}  ${CLUSTER_NAME}-klusterlet-addon-appmgr
```

Other addons are:
- ${CLUSTER_NAME}-klusterlet-addon-appmgr           
- ${CLUSTER_NAME}-klusterlet-addon-certpolicyctrl   
- ${CLUSTER_NAME}-klusterlet-addon-crds             
- ${CLUSTER_NAME}-klusterlet-addon-iampolicyctrl            
- ${CLUSTER_NAME}-klusterlet-addon-policyctrl       
- ${CLUSTER_NAME}-klusterlet-addon-search           
- ${CLUSTER_NAME}-klusterlet-addon-workmgr     

### Scale Done klusterlet-addon-operator
If you want to patch deployments directly on the managed cluster.

You can scale down the klusterlet-addon-operator on the managed cluster.

To do so, on hub, edit the manifestwork of `${CLUSTER_NAME}-klusterlet-addon-operator` on hub, and search for `Deployment`. Set spec.replicas to 0:
```
oc edit manifestwork -n ${CLUSTER_NAME}  ${CLUSTER_NAME}-klusterlet-addon-operator
```

Please remember to restore the replicas when you finishing the devs. Otherwise you will not able to cleanup the managed cluster properly when detach.
